The handbag I threw was featured in one of the top fashion magazines in the country because of the vice president’s guidance.
The family has two meanings.
Original intention, since you have a vice president,
Such deadly things, two,
Meet them personally.
There are many indescribable things between me and the vice president,
I can't tell you anything about my experience.
I'm afraid that the vice president's hand will take pleasure in my violence,
Original intention, why do you let others have your things?
Li Jiaojiao, I just want you to guide me. What I don’t want,
I took off the work badges of every family
Send him to the toilet
What are they doing when they come to settle orders?
In addition to being obedient and deceiving others, you
Just go to the place of death obediently, my original intention
Aren’t you Zangzang’s wife?
How could you be here now?
Still a chief executive